{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1\viewscale125
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 For Paul:\
\
The general specifications of the applications are on the "general_specs.rtf" document. You can refer to this doc for information. Off course you can always reach me with any questions as well, since I may have not addressed all the issues/features that will involve the app.\
\
You will be responsible for two main tasks:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 - 
\f1\b Database Management. 
\f0\b0 The proper functioning of the application will heavily rely on databases, which will be accountable for management as well as end users data, menu items, coupons, and advertising.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
- 
\f1\b Web Application.
\f0\b0  This will be a web-based version of the management-side app from which the restaurants will be able to open an account as well as add/edit menu items.\
\
\
\

\f1\b Suggestions:
\f0\b0 \
\
- Familiarize yourself with SQL Lite since IOS supports it, and it seems pretty straight forward. I personally do not have any experience in databases, but if needed, I can try and help you. This tutorial might be helpful: \
\
http://dblog.com.au/iphone-development-tutorials/iphone-sdk-tutorial-reading-data-from-a-sqlite-database/\
\
- Download and install xcode 4 (I can give you the installation image) so that you can check the progress of the app as it is developed.\
\
- create an account on www.github.com. This is a repository service on which we upload the latest changes that have been made to the application. This is a great way to stay updated when working with a group. The app is already uploaded here.}